game_review_one.md, before:

# GAME2338

# Game Review for (GAME TITLE)

## Details

### Game Title
Kingdome Come: Deliverance

https://www.kingdomcomerpg.com/

### Rating
After playing this game for some time, I would give it a solid 7 out of 10.

## Summary
This game is about a lad named Henry, who is the son of the local blacksmith, but usually seems to get into trouble with his friends and seems to visit the tavern often. The game is set in Bohemia, Europe in the early 1400s and is during a time of war. After his village named skalitz is destroyed and parents mudered and forced to flee, he finds himeself heading to a castle called Talegam. where the story continues from there. The gameplay is a very involved and takes time to get a handle on certain mechanics. For starters on some of the basic and neat mechanics of this game are keeping your character nourished by eating different types of food that give different levels of nourishment and his energy up by sleeping. This game also has a night and day feature which falls into night time shenanigians, and the CPUs being open for business or asleep in thier homes. Speaking of the CPUs, another mechanic of this game are dialog options with the different CPUs which can also have success or fail dialog responses based on your characters speech, charisma, and strength points against the character your talking to. As well as whether your characters reputation, clothes and hygiene will have different status effects in dialog options success or fails, and traders will fear the player if they happen to have blood on their clothes or their sword drawn. The combat style is also very unique with the player being able to slash in 5 different directions and stabbing, giving the player more combo options and reading the opponents movements and where to hit next.  this should be at least 3-4 paragraphs summarising the gameplay mechanics of the game. You should be answering the who, what, when, where, why, and how of the game itself.

## Final Thoughts
I like this about the game but didn't like this particular feature. This should be at a minimum of one paragraph.

## Additional Information
Links to other reviews or other information you used in this review.

Commit message:

game_review_one.md
Final update for game review

game_review_one.md, after:

# GAME2338

# Game Review for (Kingdom Come: Deliverance)

## Details

### Game Title
Kingdome Come: Deliverance

https://www.kingdomcomerpg.com/

### Rating
After playing this game for some time, I would give it a solid 7 out of 10.

## Summary
This game is about a lad named Henry, who is the son of the local blacksmith, but usually seems to get into trouble with his friends and seems to visit the tavern often. The game is set in Bohemia, Europe in the early 1400s and is during a time of war. After his village named skalitz is destroyed and parents mudered and forced to flee, he finds himeself heading to a castle called Talegam. where the story continues from there. The gameplay is a very involved and takes time to get a handle on certain mechanics. For starters on some of the basic and neat mechanics of this game are keeping your character nourished by eating different types of food that give different levels of nourishment and his energy up by sleeping. This game also has a night and day feature which falls into night time shenanigians, and the CPUs being open for business or asleep in thier homes. Speaking of the CPUs, another mechanic of this game are dialog options with the different CPUs which can also have success or fail dialog responses based on your characters speech, charisma, and strength points against the character your talking to. As well as whether your characters reputation, clothes and hygiene will have different status effects in dialog options success or fails, and traders will fear the player if they happen to have blood on their clothes or their sword drawn. The combat style is also very unique with the player being able to slash in 5 different directions and stabbing, giving the player more combo options and reading the opponents movements and where to hit next. The other mechanic I've seen is the lockpicking option for certain chest in the world, but this option I feel is very difficult to use on certain platforms and does not transfer over well from pc to counsole but there is an option to simplify the lockpicking to make it a tad easier but even so there are other ways to open a chest. In this game as stated before with the lockpicking, certain quest make it so you must take items from a house or chest but multiple ways to do it to complete the quest, such as getting a key. This game has many features and mechanics that make the game have a wide spread of options as well as an open world you can fast travel and be inturrupted during the fast travel phase by random CPU enemies. The world itself feels as if its truly alive and you must make your choices accordingly or face concequences, as I learned in the beginning of the game where you can be arrested and die in prison before truly beginning the game and gives you a game over screen. All in all this game has much more to discover but is definitely a game of good quality.

## Final Thoughts
My final thoughts of this game are that it plays well and has multiple options for replayability. The mechanics and gameplay far exceeded my expectations of this game for sure and I must say, I plan on continuing this game some more and would recommend to other players that are a fan of the RPG genre.  

## Additional Information
https://www.kingdomcomerpg.com/en/game-features/realism
