game_review_two.md, before:

# Game Review for Metro: Exodus

## Details

### Metro: Exodus
https://www.metrothegame.com/en-gb/

### Rating
I give this game a solid 9 out of 10.

## Summary
Metro Exodus is a first person shooter that takes place in a post apocalyptic wasteland in Russia in the year 2036. Exodus is the third installment of the Metro series, but from the first to that take place in a metro system underneath Russia, Exodus takes the player inside a Trian as a hub while being able to leave into an open world area and adventure doing missions for the story and even side quest if the player chooses to do so. Artyom is the protaganist throughout these games and has been through alot, but along the way has met a woman named Anna who helps the player through the game. In Exodus Anna is pregnant with Artyoms child and his only intention is to get her and the baby somewhere safe, and the train is his only hope, along with a group of militia and Annas father leading them, they take the train and head out to find a safe haven where the apocolyptic waste ends and civilization may have been all along. The mechanics are really unique in my opinion, with crafting using materials from currency and other items, means no wasting and know what you need and save what you can for later or other items and upgrades. The player can hold up to two weapons and throwables such as distractions and bombs, as well as customize the weapons for stealth, range, power, and multible combonations to the choice of the player. One of the cool feature the game has is its map, for when you use it your still in real time so be carful of your surroundings, and you can move while looking at it to make sure your going the right direction.
This game is about... this should be at least 3-4 paragraphs summarising the gameplay mechanics of the game. You should be answering the who, what, when, where, why, and how of the game itself.

## Final Thoughts
I like this about the game but didn't like this particular feature. This should be at a minimum of one paragraph.

## Additional Information
Links to other reviews or other information you used in this review.

Commit message:

game_review_two.md
Final cut

game_review_two.md, after:

# Game Review for Metro: Exodus

## Details

### Metro: Exodus
https://www.metrothegame.com/en-gb/

### Rating
I give this game a solid 9 out of 10.

## Summary
Metro Exodus is a first person shooter that takes place in a post apocalyptic wasteland in Russia in the year 2036. Exodus is the third installment of the Metro series, but from the first to that take place in a metro system underneath Russia, Exodus takes the player inside a Trian as a hub while being able to leave into an open world area and adventure doing missions for the story and even side quest if the player chooses to do so. Artyom is the protaganist throughout these games and has been through alot, but along the way has met a woman named Anna who helps the player through the game. In Exodus Anna is pregnant with Artyoms child and his only intention is to get her and the baby somewhere safe, and the train is his only hope, along with a group of militia and Annas father leading them, they take the train and head out to find a safe haven where the apocolyptic waste ends and civilization may have been all along. The mechanics are really unique in my opinion, with crafting using materials from currency and other items, means no wasting and know what you need and save what you can for later or other items and upgrades. The player can hold up to two weapons and throwables such as distractions and bombs, as well as customize the weapons for stealth, range, power, and multible combonations to the choice of the player. One of the cool feature the game has is its map, for when you use it your still in real time so be carful of your surroundings, and you can move while looking at it to make sure your going the right direction. The game also has alternate endings based on if you do the side quest and if you don't kill people in certain areas, which is a really cool idea.

## Final Thoughts
My final thoughts are Metro Exodus is a great quality game, and I would highly recommend anyone play the trilogy for themselves, it's a great expierence.


## Additional Information
https://www.metrothegame.com/story-so-far/
