game_review_seven.md, before:

# Game Review for (Portal 2)

## Details

### Game Title
The name of the game, subtitle, and the url or information on how to find the game.
# Portal 2
https://store.steampowered.com/app/620/Portal_2/

### Rating
Insert your rating system. Example: I rate games from 1 to 5 stars and I give this game a 3 star rating.
I give Portal 2 a solid 10 out of 10.

## Summary
This game is about... this should be at least 3-4 paragraphs summarising the gameplay mechanics of the game. You should be answering the who, what, when, where, why, and how of the game itself.
Portal 2 is about Chell, a woman who wakes up after some time asleep, by a robot named wheatley and letting her know she is the only human left in the facility known as Aperture. After following Wheatley, your given the portal gun, which allows you to  

## Final Thoughts
I like this about the game but didn't like this particular feature. This should be at a minimum of one paragraph.

## Additional Information
Links to other reviews or other information you used in this review.

Commit message:

game_review_seven.md
Finished

game_review_seven.md, after:

# Game Review for (Portal 2)

## Details

### Game Title
# Portal 2
https://store.steampowered.com/app/620/Portal_2/

### Rating
I give Portal 2 a solid 10 out of 10.

## Summary
Portal 2 is about Chell, a woman who wakes up after some time asleep, by a robot named wheatley and letting her know she is the only human left in the facility known as Aperture. After following Wheatley, your given the portal gun, which allows you to to create an orange and blue portal on certain walls which allows one to go through the portal to reach certain places as well as solve the puzzles or test chambers as Galdos who was another robot who was the main baddy in the first game, and the test chambers is what she would call them. 

The main theme of the game is puzzle solving, using the portal gun to find a way to open the exit door to each test chamber, and each chamber gets more difficult than the last and more elements get added for the player to overcome. The first element used is the companion cube which is the main item of the game and what was mainly used to open the exit, via putting the cube on a switch to open the door or get the player to the door. Each chamber would start to combine these elements from turrents, water, laser shields/platforms, bounce platforms, stairs activated by switches, and even different types of goo which either helped the player jump to new heights or slide across the floor. Each chamber will become way more complex and require more thought and a combination of elements that will get the player to the next chamber, all while avoiding more danger like traps and pits. There is a coop mode where you and a friend take control of two robots that have to work together in order to beat each chamber and get to the next set of chambers Glados has in store. 

There's also an editor mode where players can create their own test chamber that can be published online for other players to try out and test for fun, you can even make a coop level which is a nice variety. The level editor is very easy to use, with them giving you all the elements you would see and use in the main game modes, you can place and even connect to other items such as swithces and manipulate how they work in the level. After placing what you want just right clicking on the object will open a menu allowing you to connect it to another object for example; connecting a button to stairs makes it so that the stairs will only rise when the button is being pressed. There are hundreds of possibilities and with a little creativity you cna make a really advanced and complex level, which I found to be really fun to mess with.

## Final Thoughts
I really loved this game, I honeslty put it down as one of my favorite games to have been able to play, it has such a fun story, lovable and very funny characters, as well as the amount of effort it must have took to create each test chamber is just inspiring and I highly recommend anyone try this game out.

## Additional Information
This is a link to the Test level I made and published to get a better idea of how the editor works.
https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1921655296
