game_testing_concepts.md, before:

# Bungie Testing Halo 3 

The first thing the Bungie crew does is get in around six in the morning and for the first two hours, they play Halo 3 to test the basics such as the game loads in properly, the player and enemies load into the game, weopons work how they should, and exiting the game etc. 

I feel this is a very smart move by the Bungie team to make sure the game and all assets are working, for even if they were working in the previous day, theres no guarantee that everything will work the next time or if used in a different way that was different from before, so testing the game for two hours is dedication and a very good idea to amke sure you have the best quality and working game.

One of the testing Bungie used is manual testing is where you have someone watching someone else play as an extra pair of eyes to make sure everything on screen is working at one time, from the player damage and weapons are working as well as enemy weapons and damage output.

Manuel testing is a good and simple way to check the game and with two people watching the game at once will give an oppurtunity to see something the other might have missed at that moment.

The next step that I see the Bungie crew testing is the multiplayer to make sure that if any changes were made even in single player, will it have messed up anything in the multiplayer setup, and they do this by getting multiple machines and running them in multiplayer to see if anything happens, such as bugs, delayed damage or missed damage, and crashes.

Commit message:

game_testing_concepts.md
Finished

game_testing_concepts.md, after:

# Bungie Testing Halo 3 

The first thing the Bungie crew does is get in around six in the morning and for the first two hours, they play Halo 3 to test the basics such as the game loads in properly, the player and enemies load into the game, weopons work how they should, and exiting the game etc. 

I feel this is a very smart move by the Bungie team to make sure the game and all assets are working, for even if they were working in the previous day, theres no guarantee that everything will work the next time or if used in a different way that was different from before, so testing the game for two hours is dedication and a very good idea to amke sure you have the best quality and working game.

One of the testing Bungie used is manual testing is where you have someone watching someone else play as an extra pair of eyes to make sure everything on screen is working at one time, from the player damage and weapons are working as well as enemy weapons and damage output.

Manuel testing is a good and simple way to check the game and with two people watching the game at once will give an oppurtunity to see something the other might have missed at that moment.

The next step that I see the Bungie crew testing is the multiplayer to make sure that if any changes were made even in single player, will it have messed up anything in the multiplayer setup, and they do this by getting multiple machines and running them in multiplayer to see if anything happens, such as bugs, delayed damage or missed damage, and crashes. 

I see this as a good oppurtunity in a way that knowing the way the game can work from one box to another is really intriguing, to know one machine would think differently in the sence that one player shooting can cause the bullet to miss even if it was a direct headshot due to a bug.

The next step in the multiplayer testing is to take it international, with the US team bringing in the Japanese team to play online with them, this way testing the networking code and making any changes to fix major or minor bugs for weapons and vehicles that aren't working properly.

Honestly I didn't think about the fact that international testing could be so vital to making sure there are no weird bugs or glitches to a game, so seeing this has really given me a better perspective on the multiplayer testing and waht it can accomplish from multiple standpoints.

In the next step witnessed, all departments of the Bungie team are testing each to make sure thier part is working and works well with the other departments. Through all the testing they have over thirty thousand bugs and managed to fix twenty-seven thousand of them leaving three thousand and adding more each day from all the testing they do. 

It's nice being able to see all the different departments working together and seeing just how much work and effort the Bungie crew put into making Halo 3 such a great game, even with the bugs that exist, its really inspiring to see them all working so hard and yet having fun at the same time.

In the next step it's said it takes 3 years of testing and 20 days which are done outside of the Bungie building at Microsoft, where they do the usability testing with a group thats dedicated to testing the usability of the games. Here they have researchers that check the pshycology of the player to see how they feel and the level, enemies, weapons, and other aspects of the game, meanwhile the designers are watching as well to see how the player reacts to their game. 

This is one thing I found really interesting from the point of having people with PHDs actually analyze the player and conduct how they feel about the game and its mechanics, meanwhile the designer watches taking notes on the players experience and writes down anything that would needed to be worked on, which I felt was a really smart way of getting a handle on the usability of the game.

The next step is playtesting, where the team gets multiple players to come in and test out the game on a certain level in order to gauge how they do, and it gives them a look into what parts players get stuck on or irritated with based on how they react as they walk around and watch them.

I feel this is a really good way to test the game for any difficulties the game may have for the adverage olayer, but made me feel bad for the designers seeing people get stuck or frustrated with their game, and even asking to stop playing because one part got to hard or they couldn't figure out what to do. Still a good way to playtest the game to gain feedback.

In the next step the designers get together and look over the feedback from the playtesting and find out on a map to see where the players were having difficulties in single player and where most people died in multiplayer, and all this to make sure the fun factor is up. They have data points, in where they can click on the map to see how a player died and see if it happened a few times or multiple times and if so then to fix it so its not as difficult for the player.

I really like this step, mainly because it shows how much the designers care about the players and want to make sure their having fun, to go through each data point and figure out what the problems are just to make it a more enjoyable experience to the player is just incredible, and though its diffuicult to do, because you can't please everyone, they go all out to make sure its the best it can be.

During closing triage is the next step in where the designers choose which bugs to fix, for if one bug is fix, that could lead to more being created. the artist and designers always add more and tweek what they feel should be tweeked, but that could add code that may create more bugs, but ultimatley the goal is to make sure the game is ready so the ninty percent of players have fun and enjoy the game.

The triage or bloodsucking lady of the night, as it was called, is very interesting but can be problematic, since fixing something can lead to more bugs to occur, but seeing the team working so hard to get the game out the door with as minimal bugs but maximum fun is inspiring indeed and to see such a creative take on testing in just one game, that took years to develope is incredible, and makes me want to strive to do it all myself one day.
