# Quality Lab

## Game One: Modern Warfare 2
Modern Warfare 2, a first person shooter, is a quality game for its multiplayer UI and gameplay were to me the best in the seires of games. MW2 was the sixth game in the Call of Duty franchise, but shined for its multiplayer though the story was also a good reason for its current look of the world and characters. The gameplay was great and the mechanics were easy to use in game as well as the menu, and the multiplayer menu, ranking, and customization of the players gamer card was full of different variants and options, that players could express themselves. Playing a game in multiplayer was really easy, with rare server crashes and different gametypes, it was always easy to find a game, espesially with friends, the parties system to play with friends never really gave us problems, you could team up and take on ther team players which was always a good time. With all the easy to use and understand menu system of MW2 it was to me personally the best game in the Call of Duty series when it comes to multiplayer.

## Game Two: Assassins Creed 3
Assassin's Creed 3 an open world 3rd person perspective, was a quality game for its mechanic change from the previous games in the series, though gamplay and control scheme stayed mostly the same, this game added a new feature in the player being able to hunt wildlife as well as make it so the player can pilot a ship in the open water. The game also gave players a new variety of weapons including bows and tomahaks which were for being stealth from a far. This game was also able to introduce the player to real world events for the game is set during the american revolustion, at a time the American colonies are fighting for freedom against Great Britian. This game gives accurate historical lessons as well as a unique spin in order to add their characters into history, and they do it very well, someone could believe that these game characters were really part of history. 

## Game Three: Grand Theft Auto 5
Grand Theft Auto 5 is an open world 3rd person perspective game of quality for its ever expanding world and things to do. In previous games, the player could roam the city they were in and do a multitude of things, from robbing stores, stealing cars, and other illeagl acts that get the police to chance after the player with the intent to kill. GTA5 took it to a new level with the addition of adding more to the map as well as allowing the player toi own more building and places to go such as airports and fly a variety of different aircrafts, different cars and military vehicles, theres even a dump truck the player can drive around the city. The multiplayer is very fun and very involved, with over ten players able to play on the same server while flying, driving, or just blowing stuff up with a number of weapons available as the player levels up their online character. Theres also a heist mode in where four players can band together and complete task in order to gain a great amount of money, and experience to level up their character. Every so often Rockstar games releases more DLC that expand what mischief the players can get into and more fun to the already impressive game options GTA5 has to offer.
